Update bat-bdd-reference.adoc (#61)
mulesoft/docs-functional-monitoring: modules/ROOT/pages/bat-bdd-reference.adoc

== Keeping Confidential Information Secure in Tests

> In your tests, you can access Symmetric key typed shared secrets from Anypoint Secrets Manager, which enables you to securely store sensitive information, such as a password, authentication token, endpoint URL, or webhook URL

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In your tests, you can access symmetric key shared secret types from Anypoint Secrets Manager, which enables you to securely store sensitive information, such as a password, authentication token, endpoint URL, or webhook URL.
```

[IMPORTANT]
====

> Anypoint Secrets Manager has other types of shared secrets, however, Functional Monitoring only works with Symmetric keys and using other types will break the test.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Functional Monitoring only works with symmetric key shared secret types. Using other types will cause test failures.
```
